BYU by five five three Davey Zimmer cut
room 28 quarter
Zimmer goes to see the legs boxers over
autocrine takes the delay do stands
guard
welcome back to Rome is burning
presented by bass pro shops
welcome back my guest is a point guard
for the seventh ranked BYU Cougars
he's obviously better than 27 points per
game this season Jimmer Fredette joins
me Jimmer great to have you how are you
I'm doing great how are you doing Jim
thanks for having me on it's great to
have you on I'm doing great too you know
you're getting huge Player of the Year
run to Kevin Durant of course said that
sweet saying that you were the best
scorer in the world they're writing
songs about you back home I'm guessing
it's not that bad a deal being you write
about now
what is this year been like you know
it's been crazy it's been a lot
different than you expect coming into
the season you know I've been here for
the last three years and three and a
half years really where you know we were
a good team and you know people knew
about us around the BYU community and
you know some people here and there but
you know ever since that you talk first
you talk game things kind of elevated
and people kind of know us you know
around the whole nation now and you know
it's been great to be getting all this
national notoriety and have our team be
playing well be ranked in the top ten
and you know it's just great for this
community it's great for our school here
for myself and just the you know
recruiting I'm here at BYU so it's been
it's been a lot of fun you know to that
point certainly those who know know but
I think you're right he took it to a
whole nother level after San Diego State
when you draw up 43 on them that was the
night the Kevin Durant got off that
suite and all of a sudden you've got
people not just ballers or NBA players
but people across every spectrum it
Sweeting about you what was that night
like was that a little bit surreal it
really was um you know I've never had a
night like that where it was such a big
game in the Mountain West Conference it
wasn't really a huge nationally
televised game not a whole lot of people
could watch but you could tell that
everyone around the the country was
really following that game whether it
was on ESPN you know calm or whatever it
was they were following that game to see
the score and you know we ended up
winning I had a really good game
fortunately that night and I've never
had you know the fans rush the floor at
BYU before and that was a great thing
and you just kind of felt like a rock
star a little bit just how you know
people are tweeting about you and all
the things that were said and how you
were treated everywhere you went and
things just kind of elevated from that
night but you know it's been a great
experience I had a lot of fun and you
know hopefully we can continue to be
like that because that means we'll be
doing good I thought you showed
tremendous poise and composure both
joining the game and after the game that
night in fact I've never seen you
rattle where does that come from you
know I think it just comes from my
upbringing just uh you know always
playing in in tough situations and and a
lot of times people have have doubted me
my whole entire life and I just don't
let things bother me when I'm playing in
the game you know my brother is always
Tom taught me to have a short-term
memory loss especially when it comes to
shooting shots if you miss one you know
don't worry about it
you have confident I have confidence in
my ability that I'm gonna make the next
one and try not to you know let
opponents see that you're frustrated or
your emotions really because then they
don't know how to play they don't know
if they're getting into your head or
anything like that so I just try to stay
as even-keel as I possibly can and you
know play the game and then afterwards
obviously I'll be you know either happy
or sad depending on how the outcome is
you know you mention your brother TJ and
playing in tough spots both of you have
played at prisons before you were 18 the
first time you did that what was that
like that had to be intimidating yeah oh
yeah it was definitely intimidating at
first first time I went in there you
know shaking a little bit they just take
you right through and you you walk right
through the yard and they they open
every door and close and lock every door
right behind you as you're walking
through and then you get out into the
yard and all you see is just fences with
barbed wire
you know crossed everything so you're
really trapped you can't get out and it
kind of just gives you a sense of what
those those inmates are feeling and then
when you get into the gym all you see
these guards on the on every corner of
the gym with their guns and then all
sudden they open the doors and let a
bunch of inmates into to watch the game
and they fill up the seats and start
betting and stuff and they're yelling at
you usually they want you to lose you
know at first but there's always a
couple that you know wants you to win
because they'll ban you and you know so
it was it was just a fun experience you
know it makes you more mentally tough to
be able to play in any any situation
really and you know it was a good time
and we always had fun I mean were you
there to talk to the prisoners or was
that a basketball visit how'd that come
to be you know how it came to be was my
next-door neighbor their uncle actually
ran the recreation you know part of the
the prisons and they just thought it
would be a good idea you know to have
the prisoners that were on good behavior
to kind of have a basketball game and
they knew that you know
would be game to play basketball no
matter what they know that our family
has always been into basketball and
athletics and they asked us and TJ
jumped right on and he was like yeah I
want to do that and you know Jimmer is
going to come with me too and and all of
his friends and all my friends we're
gonna go up we're gonna play and it's
gonna be fun so he just thought it was a
cool thing and that's kind of how it
came to happen and you know it turned
out pretty good
ball up I mean you've met every single
challenge up until now what about the
next challenge I know you'll tell me
that you're focused on the things right
in front of you but that next level the
NBA do you expect to dominate on that
level the way you are right now you know
I expect to go in and and play well you
know I want to go and just whatever team
I go to I just want to make an impact
and play well you know right from the
start be able to be a contributor and
just help the team win kind of it was
kind of my mentality is coming into you
know college I just wanted to you know
be a good teammate and go out and play
the best that I possibly could and show
them that I could play at this level get
my teammates trust give my coaching
staffs trust and then after that you
know maybe hopefully I'll be able to get
minutes and be able to show what I can
do and I think that once I get on the
floor and actually start playing that I
that I can that I'll show people that I
could be at that level that I can play
at that level and succeed at that level
and you know that's what I'm looking to
do scoring points aren't off the floor
Jimmer great job nice to have you on I
appreciate it all right thanks a lot Jim
thanks for having good stuff I enjoyed
it
welcome back setting up the forum I'm
joined by a radio and TV personality
Andrew Siciliano Andrew good to see you
brother back good to be back good to
have you back all right we talk first
about Jimmer Fredette you've done this a
long time I know I'm preaching to the
choir number one I could have smooth
came off extremely well really nice
interview how do you think he'll do on
the next level I have no reason to
believe that he can't do well he's got
sighs he's not Steph Curry I mean Steph
Curry came in 125 pounds right he's big
he's got a legitimate first step he's a
natural scorer people keep going back to
the Kevin Durant week when he dropped 43
how he's the greatest scorer on earth he
can beat people he's not gonna be just a
stand up shooter that you stick him in
the corner
he'd try to drive and kick and hope he
hits a shot he can legitimately
play now I don't know if he could guard
Chris Paul or Deron Williams or rajon
rondo
but how many guys legitimately can you
always hear well we don't have the speed
to
guard the fast ones in the NBA right who
legitimately does sure now what are we
talking about I I know I really believe
he's gonna play at the next level I
think a lot of success can we talk about
or are we talking about a guy who can
consistently get his own is he going to
start I mean when you say well how well
I think is a starter I think he's a
potential all-star legitimately do he
can play he can pass he can score he
isn't simply a guy that you got to set
up he could set other people up he has
speed and he wants to take the big shot
right we got a league full of guys
making seven figures I don't want to
take the big shot he wants it he's a
killer
I think all-star might be a stretch but
I'll say this about this guy wouldn't
bet against him I would not bet against
him and I by stalking him right now if I
could he plays in prisons he does and
he's not afraid